# 1st. Meeting 5th. June 2024
After some overall discussions, looking at existing solutions etc. we came up with *four* key aspects the project should aim to.

## Event Orchestration

## Work/Task Execution
- with Spring Modulith project the execution of tasks based on the trigger of events can also be externalized and retryable. This goes slightly into the thing of _Transactional Outbox Pattern_
- History/Journal of previous executions should always be there and can be revisited or even replayed
- First we discussed to make the relationship between components with "Routing Keys" (an AMQP term). Then we decided to go with the Observer pattern where listeners can (un)register to events of other components. This registration (binding) happens on demand (app startup or on a defined event). Original German text: "Die Kopplung der Komponenten geschieht mit Hilfe von Routing Keys die quasi dynamisch anhand von Sender/Receiver (Task/Task oder Task/GW) erstellt werden. Alternative: Anhand der Relationships werden EventListener beim lesen der Datei registriert (präferiert)."

## Web UI
- Offers the capability to create/change and persist a workflow (either file or DB)
- Offers the ability to create so called "Sequence Flows" (we need a better word without sequence) that allows to link certain defined components (Tasks, Decision Gateways etc.) via relationships with expression conditions together. The linkage happens not statically but wia events. These are not shown on the UI and are more of a technical aspect between components. Original German text: "Ermöglicht die Erstellung eines Sequence Flows mit Tasks und Gateways die über Events miteinander lose gekoppelt sind (nicht visuell sichtbar)."  
- Components do basically support IN/OUT events and communicate with those between each other. The shared data structure is an open point

## Capability Scanning
Capabilities / Functions are defined in code (Java) as Interfaces, Annotations. Those components are scanned at startup or any defined event type. Potential components are:
- Remote Services
- Events
- Parameter (IN) defined as POJI

# Open Points
- How are common data structures between Event Publisher & Subscriber defined?
- Is a Service Wrapper useful to do pre-execution data transformation and validation and also a post processing of any service response?
